how to get better and how to improve at the html layouts/nesting?

how to get better at naming classes?

what are the best practices regarding having img/svgs in or out a div or not? does it change if they are
inside a flex/grid container?

THE SVGS ARE ALL THERE BUT THEY AREN'T SHOWING UP BECAUSE OF FLEX BOX, I THINK, WHY IS THAT?

i am using inlive svgs, is that the best way to go about it? should i use them with the img tag with the
svgs in a seperate folder? but that limits their styling though doesn't it?

how to change the color of the svgs?

how to change the sizes of imgs/svgs dynamically? in this project i wanted them to be equal to the text in
the sidebar but couldn't manage that.

the imgs/svgs would disappear if i had a display flex and align-items and justify-content of center on them
why is that behaviour happening?

in the header's hi there section the profile icon was supposed to be the same height/size as the hi there
and the @zainnadeem section, how to do that?

the search bar i created with just a div with an explicit height and width on it, is there a better solution
to it?

what is the best practice of having a width and a height on a img? best way to apply them? is it the same
for svgs as well?

the your projects grid is shorter than the annoucements/trending grid, even though they are both part of the
same container grid, how to make sure they're both always equal?

i have included the design file that i was trying to recreate as well, this is how close i got before
i gave up, any tips/advice/pointers (general or specific) you can give me with the comparison.

in the design file this was all just one page, without any scroll, but at least on my screen my created layout 
had scroll, is this something i should be concerned about?

any mistake or ameturish/repetitive/redundant thing i did in the code please point that out and how to fix it
improve upon it?

is there a standard of best practices documentation for html, css i can follow?

anything else i have missed and improve upon please do point that out.

thank you for reading and helping me out

